doc: edit and simplify util.inspect() docs (#25195)
nodejs/node: doc/api/util.md

* `object` {any} Any JavaScript primitive or `Object`.
* `options` {Object}
  * `showHidden` {boolean} If `true`, `object`'s non-enumerable symbols and
    properties are included in the formatted result. [`WeakMap`][] and
    [`WeakSet`][] entries are also included. **Default:** `false`.
  * `depth` {number} Specifies the number of times to recurse while formatting
    `object`. This is useful for inspecting large objects. To recurse up to
    the maximum call stack size pass `Infinity` or `null`.
    **Default:** `2`.
  * `colors` {boolean} If `true`, the output is styled with ANSI color
    codes. Colors are customizable. See [Customizing `util.inspect` colors][].
    **Default:** `false`.
  * `customInspect` {boolean} If `false`,
    `[util.inspect.custom](depth, opts)` functions are not invoked.
    **Default:** `true`.
  * `showProxy` {boolean} If `true`, `Proxy` inspection includes

>     the `target` and `handler` objects. **Default:** `false`.

Reviewer: I am not sure if the meaning is really clear to people not knowing the option already (the former description does not seem to be ideal either).

What about:

```
If `true`, inspecting `Proxy` objects include the proxies [`target` and `handler`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Proxy#Syntax) objects.
```

That way it also contains a reference to what the `target` and `handler` actually is.

// WeakSet { { a: 1 }, { b: 2 } }
```

> The `sorted` option ensures that object insertion order does not impact the

Reviewer: I am not sure if `object insertion order` is something everyone will understand (but neither the former description). What about:

```
The `sorted` option ensures that the object properties insertion order does not
impact the result of `util.inspect()`.
```

);
```

> Please note that `util.inspect()` is a synchronous method that is intended as a

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`util.inspect()` is a synchronous method intended as a
```

Reviewer 2: Or even:

```markdown
`util.inspect()` is a synchronous method for debugging.
```

> debugging tool. Its maximum output length is limited to approximately 128 MB,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
debugging tool. Its maximum output length is approximately 128 MB.
```

> and inputs that result in larger output will not be inspected completely due to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Inputs that result in larger output will be truncated.
```

);
```

> `util.inspect()` is a synchronous method for debugging. Its maximum output

Reviewer: The `mainly intended` part was intentional as it's not entirely limited to debugging. I personally would rather keep that or remove the purpose altogether.

Author: @Trott please see the comment above in response to your suggested edits.

Reviewer 2: @BridgeAR How about this?:

```markdown
`util.inspect()` is a synchronous method intended for debugging.
```

By re-inserting "intended", we open the door for there being other uses. But by omitting the softener "mainly", we avoid the appearance of *inviting* other uses.

Also: Yellow! The bike shed MUST be yellow!
